Added check to not fetch mercury prices when trigger capability is enabled (#13888)
smartcontractkit/chainlink: .changeset/wise-bears-end.md

> ---
> "chainlink": patch
> ---
> 
> #updated v3/data_source Observe method to skip calling LatestPrice when EnableTriggerCapability relay config is true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"chainlink": minor
---

#updated mercury plugin to consider PluginConfig as optional if EnableTriggerCapability relay config is true. Then if PluginConfig is nil, skip fetching latestPrice for linkFeedId and nativeFeedId.
```
